---
published: 2024-10-29
---

Since I'm not posting here as frequently, here's some high level updates:
- Ran Ragnar Trail NJ with some friends (Pics on IG).
- Arlo turned 7 months (WHOA!) as of yesterday. He's growing up so quick.
- Created a fun little budget tracking app (on behalf of my wife) that allows you to set a budget and manually enter your spending. The want was a simple web application that didn't require you to link a bank account. Check it out the Track That app <a href="https://main.d2j8lfsaejm2wc.amplifyapp.com">here.</a>
- Wrapping up my time with my "rotation team" at AWS and going back to the ADC life. Definitely a bittersweet moment since I grew and learned so much in so little time.
- Ellie is blossoming to become such an amazing kid. I am so excited for her to get older so I can start to take her camping and enjoy the outdoors with her.
- Still pursuing my M.S. in Cloud Computing. Currently taking a Network Engineering course.
- Want to really get into reading. Going to pick up one of the new Kindles to spark the interest
- Current addition is Black Ops 6. Definitely one of the best CoD games in a while. Also helps that I'm playing with some of my day 1's
- I promised myself that starting November I am going to pick up my slack from NOT working out and hit it hard again. I need to!
- Barrage800 media day is coming soon and I'm super hype to essentially "restart" the marketing and bramding
- Sample Surplus t-shirts have landed and whoa! Super impressed with the quality and can't wait to release them!

That's about it. If there's anything else, I'll write up a new post. Good to be back on here. I will update this more often.